Hello everyone, today I will show how to do
hairstyle
which is perfectly combined bone
you are such a hairstyle is not perfect
just for every day
well and to a special occasion we separate hair
in the area of ​​bangs and lower occipital zone
crescent shape
the rest of the hair we collect the tail from the right
side in the zone of bangs begin to weave
braid in spikelet technique with one-sided
grab with a delay so
in the same way
weave a braid in the lower occipital zone
we fasten with an elastic band we twist the braid
shackle wrap it on the tail and
we fix the same with the invisible
repeat with weaving on bangs
fasten braid at the base of the tail
from the tail weave 3 sliding Russia
form braids hairstyle
sawing loose ends of hair to
give a mysterious mood
finish fix hair hairstyle
dark with all bye see you in
next video